alright hello youtube this is the grim
here too with the Dark Souls how to farm
humanity really easily video now first
off your equipment you're going to need
I don't know if you can see that but
that is the covetous gold serpent ring
now I believe you find it in sins
fortress I'm not quite sure about that
yeah I really think that you find it
instance fortunate because on both of my
characters I've ran across it pretty
easily I mean you'll probably find it if
you're you know just even slightly
exploring the area so anyway you'll want
to have the covetous gold serpent ring
equipped and where you want to go if you
have beaten the undead parish you should
have kicked this ladder right here once
you get up there and get under the
bridge you can actually kick the ladder
and it will go down for an easy shortcut
so we're going to take that shortcut now
if you'll notice I'm under the bridge
now very quickly instead of having to go
through the whole area kill a few
enemies
all right now this is where you're going
to want to find the humanity in here
there are three rats you can probably
see two of them in there yeah there's
one of them right there most of the time
if you kill them while you have the ring
equipped they'll drop a humanity let's
see if they do it
see right here right here see humanity
right there let me just zoom in on that
humanity and that was on my first try I
now have for Humanity's now in my
inventory now here's the way to reset
them you want to go to this bonfire and
just rest and then leave then go back
and the rats will be there again
I didn't get anything that time
and you just keep keep repeating keep on
doing the same thing over and over until
you have the desired amount of humanity
I mean it yeah I know I missed I didn't
get any that time but trust me that that
very rarely happens usually I get one
each time on the live been so unlucky
today
you just you know let you keep repeating
that with the serpent ring equipped and
you should be able to amass a pretty
good amount of humanity you know with
tedious farming but hey is it any
different than demon's souls farming hmm
there's going to be some failures indeed
let's see about this time
no but you get my points so that that's
where you go to farm humanity